"It's not you. It's this situation I can't handle any more." At least Andrea had the
decency to look distraught. He stood near the door with his shoulders slumped, his hands
clasped before him. 

Bébhinn was not really surprised. She had sensed something for a while. Even so she felt
anger rise. "Oh yeah, and so you dump the freak, and poof! the situation goes away."

He frowned and looked down. "You're not a freak."

Bébhinn bellowed a short laugh. "You mean there are even better reasons for choosing her
over me?"

He shuffled his feet. She took some small satisfaction from seeing him writhe under her
accusations. "I had to choose, and I didn't make it easy on myself."

"No, of course you didn't. But still you arrived at the obvious conclusion. The future
belongs to her, not me." She looked him up and down. "I used to think you were not like
the others. I was wrong. You're all the same. The moment you find out what we are, what
we can do, you either pull away, shun us, try to forget us, or you lock us up, put us in
silver shackles, try to control us. Men are the worst, of course. Your fragile egos
cannot handle the fact that you cannot have what we have, be what we are. It may be
exciting to play with us for a while, but eventually you get scared, and then it's fight
or flight."

"That's not fair," Andrea protested. "I'm not responsible for what other men do. I've
always been straight with you. You can't just point to the fact that you're a banshee
whenever something goes wrong. That's a little too convenient."

Bébhinn gasped. "Convenient?" The spark of anger was quickly turning into a steady
flame. "Don't you dare. It's not convenient, it's the plain truth. I'm not the one
looking for the easy way out here."

"Neither am I," Andrea snapped. His posture had changed. He was looking a full inch
taller now. Bébhinn was suddenly aware of the subtle pressure of her hand gun against
her ribs. "You're not happy with my decision, I get it. I don't like it either. But
don't make it political when it's really about you not getting what you want."

Bébhinn ground her teeth. "Fuck you, Andrea," she hissed. "Really. You're not happy? You
got everything you wanted out of this. You got to fuck Lexa, you got to fuck me, and now
that you're tired of it, tired of me, you get to walk away." She paused. "No," she
corrected. "Not today." She reached to her left side with her right hand and pulled out
her gun from under her jacket. "You're not just walking away this time."

A flicker of fear went over his face. "Put that away, Bébhinn."

She ignored him. "You have no idea, Andrea. No idea what it feels like to be treated as
less than human, to constantly have to look over your shoulder, to be denied things that
others take for granted. But I'll give you a taste." She concentrated on the flame
inside her which had turned into a wildfire by now. She felt for her anger, her hurt and
her frustration, and let all the emotions wash over her until they filled every fibre of
her body. Andrea said something, but she didn't hear him. She was being consumed by rage
and pain, and just when she felt like she was about to burst she opened her mouth and
let out a deafening wail. It was shrill, dissonant and terribly loud. Bébhinn laid all
her feelings into it and let them fly like so many flaming arrows. Andrea raised his
hands to his ears, but it was no use. His eyes grew wide, and she saw her own emotions
mirrored there. At first it seemed like he was going to cry, but then his face contorted
into a grimace of rage, and he started to rush towards her. He covered the distance
between them in three quick steps, his fist raised as if to strike her. There was no
room for thoughts inside her, no time to think. She pulled the trigger. Twice. Three
times. Andrea's expression turned to shock, then to a vacant stare. A red stain quickly
spread on his shirt. He fell over backwards. Bébhinn stood there, frozen. Her ears were
ringing in the sudden silence. Slowly, thought seeped back into her mind. "Fuck," she
whispered. She dropped the gun. Her hands were shaking. Clumsily she put in her
earpiece. "Lujayn," she said unsteadily when the connection had been made. "I could
really use your help here."
